csv files-comma seperated values
.text file, stores tabular data, human -redable plain text, each line=one data record,same number of fields,seperated by commas.
. csv files are used commonly for exchanging information between systems of different architecture.
. easy parsing and creating, faster to implement,high compression,smaller data files.
 .A delimiter is a sequence of one or more characters for specifying the "boundary" between separate, independent regions in plain text, mathematical expressions or other data streams.
Other delimiters include: space,Tab,Colon,Semicolon,Pipe
enclosing characters-single ,double quotes
.CSV files also simplify workflows by facilitating batch processing between system.
.Connector-specific parsers-Certain connectors have triggers/actions that can parse CSV content. These are called connector-specific parsers or external parsers.
.Workato connectors that feature built-in CSV capabilities include:Box, Dropbox, Google Drive, and other cloud storage solutions.
.Salesforce, Netsuite, Zendesk, and other applications that store data in tables.
.External parsers can serve as triggers for your recipes.
.Workato tool available as an action in any recipe and can parse up to 50k rows.


Working with Data bases:
.A database is a collection of information that is organized so it can be easily accesssed,managed,and updated by many users via computer system.
.there are many diff types of databases: relational,document,key-value stores,etc.
. relational databases (rdbms)- A rdbms is a type of database that stores and provides access to data points that are related to one another
       ex:sql server, oracle,my sql
        .The data is stored in tabular form of columns and rows. coloumn-attribute, row- record.
        . SQL is the laanguage used to query RDBMS including operations such as CURD and searching records.
.RDbMS can be connected on-premise or cloud.
.run custom sql-action type
.execute stored procedures- action types
.select rows-action types
.1.new row, 2.New/updated rows 3.new rows via custom sql 4.new/ updated via custom sql(batch)-insert/updated,5.scheduled query(batch) using custom sql-some rdbms apps only support
.CRUD operations : covers most of the interaction that we want to perform  in database
.create-Inserts a single row into selected table.

recipeOPS:
.Recipe Ops is a connector in Workato that enables the building of recipes to monitor and manage other recipes.
.Workato's RecipeOps allows you to monitor your recipes, automate recovery and provide intelligent operations.
.status reporting,-recipe watch
.monitor mission critical operations-recipe watch
.loss less pause,resume,auto-retry-Automated recovery
.custom workflows based on error types and messages-automated recovery
.Automatically start/stop during planned downtimes-recipe watch
.workflows when new collaborators join-Intelligent Operations
.reduce unplanned downtime-Automated recovery
.Custom rule bots,reporting and recovery-intelligent operations.
Triggers:
Failed Jobs:
.The failed job trigger is able to monitor all active recipes or selected recipes, for failed jobs
.Customer Usage Threshold Reached--This will monitor all customers and triggers when a customer reaches thresholds of their usage limits for tasks according to their plan.
           . only OEM(original equipment manufacturer) can use the trigger

Http connector:
Pro: The HTTP connectors enables quick connectivity to custom applications or application connections not yet available through workato.
Cons: connectors is unable to handle certain complex API functionality.
Pro: It is suitable for one-off requirements to connect to add/or perform an action within an application.
Cons: Actions are not scalable.
.Requires pagination support-Connector SDK
.Does not require multi-part or binary support-HTTP Connector
.API endpoint exists but an OOB connector is not available in our application directory-Use HTTP Connector
.API endpoint exists but an OOB action is not available for the particular endpoint-Use HTTP custom action
.There are two common types of web service APIs: Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) and Representational State Transfer (REST).
