Workbot is a bot platform that looks & feels like a custom-built internal app. It allows you to eliminate app-hopping and bridge your business applications into one interface,right within slack.
Instead of switching b/w multiple windows, bots provide a minimalistic presentation of critical actions in a single pane of glass.
How does work bot works:
      1. connect to any app with APIs like REST and SOAP, databases,or file systems.
      2. Define the trigger
      3. Define the actions
      4. Execute the workflow
2 simple kinds of bots:
         1. Click-navigation chatbot: involoves through a consistent and predictable UI to execute tasks.
         2. Natural language chatbots:which utilize AI from tools and engines like Google Dialogflow, Amazon lex, and IBM wtason to provide a conversational experience in executing tasks.
Accelerators are Workato's pre-packaged solutions for common automations with high resuability across industries.
Lead Bot: An intuitive bot whose goal is to deliver, review,qualify and assign leads-all with a custom UX designed for speed.
Lead bot helps in:
      Book more meetings
      connect with leads
      create a top-tier experience for new customers
Firefighter Bot: a helpful assistant focused on facilitating internal requests.
      putting out fires
      solve many small problems at once
using this bot we can set automatic reminders and escalations and create and approve requests, all without leaving your slack window.
this is more used for IT helpdesk and lifecycle management.
.Bots can be configured with many features and are compatible with apps like Salesforce, Workday, and ServiceNow;
.databases like SQL Server, MySQL, and Snowflake; 
.and files like SFTP, Google Drive, OneDrive, and Box.
.Workbots have powerful flexibility, range, and customizability, they can be applied to nearly any business need.
.Most importantly, the Enterprise Workbots for Slack provide maximum enterprise-grade security and governance for consuming automations with peace of mind.
HR bot: helping you execute end-to-end hiring, onboarding and other HR processess.
This bot makes it easy to review feedback from candidate interview panels that would normally live within a recuriting systems.
3-Worded new command trigger: to uniquely identify & execute wrokbot for slack recipes for their specific workflows.
Slash command is a trigger that's baked into a 3-worded new command trigger. this menas that a workbot recipe can be trigger from both slack interactive components such as slack buttons, select menus, Datapickers etc. and by typing slash "/" followed by the command name.
Global shortcut: similar to a slash command can ne invoked anywhere in slack execute a workflow that doesn.t require context.
Message shortcut: useful in workflows where the starting point is a slack message you'd like to extract with other background details.
The New Dynamic Menu Event Trigger is used to dynamically present a list of options in a select menu based on what users type in real time.
      Trigger that is always paired with a return menu options action.
      Used to dynamically present a list of options in a select menu
      Always involves a minimum of 2 recipes
      A parent recipe that creates the select menu.
      A child recipe is invoked from the parent recipe to perform three important things.
The child recipe:
         1. It monitors for dynamic menu events from dynamic menus in modals or trigger parameters.
         2. It dynamically retrieves menu options from backend systems, based on the type-ahead and any search parameters
         3. It returns the menu options to the primary or parent recipe, which will the continue the workflow.
.Message Attachments allow users to display more information to recipients. This includes: 
        1.The message title
        2.A link within the message title
        3.A message body, known as attachment text
        4.Attachment color, which is useful when users have implemented a system of color coding for different kinds of messages
        5.Image URL which represents an image
Tips to improve your post:
         1. slack markdown and emojis
         2. Attachement Message field
         3. Attachment colors
         4. Attachment title links
.*hello*-prints bold hello
.'hello'-creates code snippet
..Idle time between stakeholder handoffs is a common source of productivity loss
