Recipe Life Cycle Management:
.Guide teams from automated discovery to production.
. Helps streamline end-to-end automation delivery process.
.Applies to abyproject regardless of methodology.
.Recipe lifecycle management helps organizations create a collaborative environment to share recipes between developers, testers, and operations teams.
Benefits:
.Improve Productivity through effective collaboration
.Enhances bussiness responsiveness to change 
.Increase bussinesss value through improved quality of service
planning for RLCM:
1.Identify environment strategy,roles and access policies-->2.Understand recipe lifecycle stages and governance process-->3.Define the recipes environment promotion process
Environment Management and tools:
Environment strategy:
.Planning and structuring different environments.
.Good environment helps multiple teams collaborate efficiently.
.recommend to have 3 sep environments- dev/Test/production-security and limited actions for bussiness systems.
                .Improve resilence by managing disruptions(dev/test)
                .Team efficiency improves for Better control with seamless handover between teams
Decentralized Governance:
   pros:1.Seperation of concerns, 2. Enhanced Control
   cons: 1. Duplication of effort  2. Enforcing best practices across teams
Centralised Governance: Is a approach i sto segment on eor more team accounts to allow access to different folders by different teams.
    pros:1.Consistent governance process 2. Prevents shadow IT
    cons:1.Role Management 2. Increased audit requirements
Teams:
.setup centralised access provisioning
.appropriate reviews and approvals of non-standard requests
.Use SSO(single-sign-on)/JIT or 2FA along with standardized identities- It eliminates the manual effort for managing user accounts and selecting permissions.
.Ensure team members have proper access to do their jobs successfully.
.Detect violations to prevent unauthorized activity.
.enforce policies consistently by Monitoring and auditing environment access
.easily filter to find roles,folder acess, and authentication methods for users.
.sort by latest activity and link to activity audit
.Review folder access for each user and role
.Check authentication method using security policies such as sso
.consider setting up automatic alertys foe policy violations.
Folder structure:
.Easier management and enhaced security
.Create seperate working spaces for a group of collaborators.
.Common way to organize recipies is to assign a folder to a bussiness unit or funtional areas.
.Avoid having many recipies in a single folder, including the default  home folder.
.Use nested folders in each functional area to further organize recipes and connections relevant to specific projects.
.Consider keeping the samefolder structure and names across dev,test, and production environments for uniformity.
.Scope shared connections and callable recipes by functional area.
.Optionally, restrict access to assets by team in shared workspace.
Recipe Naming Convention:
. FAcilitate communication btw members
.Include both an "automation Number" and recipe Identifier.
.Create a seperate spread sheet or other shared mechanism to keep inventory and mange unique identifiers.
.Avoid reusing decommisioned IDs
.Avoid naming assets based on enironments
.. Admin,Anaylst,Operator are three default system roles in every team account


Recipe Lifecycle Management for Environments 

It is a series of steps your team can follow, from discovering automation ideas too implement and running workflows in production.
Help streamline end-to-end automation delivery process
Applies to any project regardless of methodology
Benefits of Recipe life cycle management:
      Improve productivity through effective collaboration
      Enhance business responsivesmess to change
      Increase business value hrough improved quality
Environment strategy: It is all about planning and structuring different enviroments. 
Good environmrnt strategy helps multiple teams collaborate efficiently.
benifits of Environment strategy:
      We recommend having atleast 3 seperate environments for Dev, Test, and Production
      Improve resilience by managing disruptions
      Enhance security and compliance
      Better control with seamless handover b/w teams
      Facilitate training of new members in a production-like environment
Environment strategy:
      Define lifecycle stages
      Identify individual roles and responsibilities
      Identify how many different teams you need to support
Decentralized Governance:We have a sales team and finance team building recipes independently for compliance reasons.
You can set up a seperate development, test and production environment for each group.

                     Pros                                    Cons

            Seperation of concerns                     Duplication of efforts

            Enhanced control                           Enforcing best practices across teams

Centralized Governance: It is to segment one or more team accounts to allow access to diff folders by diff teams.


                     Pros                                             Cons

            Consistent governance processes                     Role management

            Prevents shadow IT                                  Increased audit requirements

Roles and responsibilities:

                        Applicate Admin                        end-to-end change owneeship
Change Owner            Application Support                    Implement and test changes
                        Functional Analyst                     can create/edit recipes in non-production environment
                        Eg: HR Analyst                         Cannot to create connections
                                                               

                                                               
                        Business SME                           Assess and authorize changes
Change Manager          Process Analyst                        Coodination and communication
                        Business Analyst                       Oversight and ownership of the full worakto platform
                        Eg:Platform Admin                      Full access to platform and manages core security configuration

                                                               
                        Operations lead                        Represent change Advisory Board
Change Approver         COE lead                               Maintain devlopment standards
                        Solution Architect                     


                       Operations Engineer                    Plan and manage production releases
Release Manager        COE lead                               Rollback and communication planning
                       Application Admin                      Can import/export recipes b/w environements
                       Eg: HR Operations                      Can create/update recipes in production environment



                       Technical Business SME                  Monitor and report incidents
Incident Manager       Application Admin                       Support problem resolution
                       Centralized IT team                     Can view job reports in prodution enviroment
                       Eg: HR Manager                          Cannot create/edit recipes in prodution environment 

Recipe Lifecycle stages:
         Plan for building and operating automations
         Defines a set of steps to help deliver automations
         Improve teams overall effectiveness
Seamless collaboration with RLCM:
         Span multiple teams from differnr business units
         Manage and track tasks when you have several projects moving together
         vital to cohesive organization working towards common goal

RLCM:
      Discover: change management
                     Adapt change and release management processes
                     intake and manage automation projects
                     Track and manage automation change requests as independent projects.
                     Prioritize change requests
                     identify and enforce project workflow to best suit organization
                     Review and approval stages for each change
      Discover: Dependency Management
                     Manage dependencies b/w recipes, connections, lookup tables etc
                     critical function of managing automation lifecycles
                     Analyze and asses impact on shared assets before making changes
                     Coordinate shared asset changes such as calloble recipes or custom connectors.
                     Identify releases that will deploy shared asset changes in production


      Implement: Recipe Review
                     Essential checkpoint
                     Enforce standards
                     Adhere to security guidelines      
                     Ensure quality deliverables
                     Ensure compliance to security standards, naming conventions, design best practices and more
                     Facilitate recipe review through a pull request(PR) feature of an external version control system.
                     Provide review comments or request changes, and adjudicate changes for next lifecycle stage
      Implement: Testing
                     Inadequate testing can cause productivity loss, system outages, and data inconsistencies
                     Risk being out of compliance with laws, internal policies or regulatory requirements.
                     Test recipes before going live
                     Check recipes for defects and fitness for business requirements to ensure they perform efficiently
                     Have a dedicated Quality Assurance team for testing.
                     Devlopers can test recipes to perform functional testing
                     One or more business stakeholders perform functional testing
                     Validate automation addresses user expectations.
      Implement: Testing best practices
                     Understand end-to-end workflow and applications involved
                     Identify different test scenarios
                     test scenarios should provide adequate coverage including error handling validation
                     Test cases should include test data, preconditions, and expected outcomes
                     Identify and plan for non-functional testing needs
                     Test every change
      Implement: Regression Testing 
                      Design automations using callable recipes to perform business logic
                      Group multiple test recipes in a test suite for use in CI/CD(continous integration and delivery) pipeline
      Implement: versioning
                      Every time you save a recipe a new recipe version is created
                      optonally use external version control systems to maintain environment snapshots
                      Directly map workato packages in external version control systems. 
                      Avoid making recipe changes outside of workato platform


      Operate: Automation
                  Lookup tables maintain lists of important recipes
                  Monitor status of critical recipes with recipeOps
                  Execute steps of restart recipes or send notifications with recipeOps if ctitical errors encountered
                  Manage third-party application planned downtime
                  Maintain schedule in lookup table
                  Automatically stop and start recipes for maintenance window
                  Restart recipes to consume any unprocesses business events

                     Automated Monitoring:
                                 Automated monitoring of mission-critical automations with recipeops
                                 Automatically manage planned downtime
                                 status alerts
                     Automated Recovery:
                                 Zero event loss automation pause,resume, and auto-retries
                                 Business processcentric custom recovery workflow
                                 Workbot based reporting recovery
 Automated Monitoring +  Automated Recovery = Intelligent Operations
                     Intelligent Operations:
                                 Increase operational uptime
                                 Discover and troubleshoot operational and business process issues faster
                                 Increased stakeholders trust
                                 Automate workflows to manage platform collaborators

      Operate: Auditing
                     Regular compliamce audits of production environments
                     Governance and oversight ensures only approved changes are promoted to production
                     Regular track changes made to recipes, connections, folders, and more

Manifest: It is a record of all the selected recipes and their dependencies.
Exported package includes all selected recipes and their dependencies need for automation to work
Release types:
            Major:
                  New automation or major enhancements
                  All assets are built,test and implemented together
                  Regressing tested to ensure zero impact on existing bevaior
            Minor:
                  Includes only changes assets since last release
                  Limited testing requirements
                  Minimal impact on existing business process behavior
            Bug-fix:
                  Production issues fixed with configuration changes
                  Production issues fixed with recipe changes

Release planning:
            Build & test Plan
                        Approved changes
                        test results
                        user acceptance criteria
            Deployement plan
                        Release package
                        Rollback plan
                        Production freeze schedule
            validation plan
                        Deployment approval
                        Release success validation
            communication plan
                         End-user communication
                         End-user training
            Review plan
                         Monitor release
                         improve metrics
                         Lessons learnt from feedback for next release


Continous Integration(CI):
     Benefits:
            Faster release cycles
            Deliver quality automations
      Goal:
            Automate way teams build,test and package automations
            helps automate delivery to multiple enviroments
            Easier for teams to coordinate deployment,run quality controld on release, and reduce errors.


.Dependency graph is the Workato capability can you use to assess the impact on shared assets such as callable recipes before implementing new changes
.How can you ensure policy compliance in your Workato environments?
 .Using Workato's activity audit logs to conduct regular audits

.A Manifest is a record of all the selected recipes and their dependencies, such as application connections, lookup tables, and account properties.
.The exported package includes all selected recipes and their dependencies needed for automation to work.
.The predictive approach to identifying recipes for optimization can be used to forecast recipe task utilization using only a small amount of run history. 
