Recipe-design time errors:
-- Missing input fields--
 . dEtects missing values or datapill in required input field
 . resolved by putting values in the fields
-- formula errors--
 . Mispelled formulas, formula syntax error,symbols in wrong format,Improper spacing b/w formulas and operators
 --invalid datapills--
.when the datapill locations are invalid
.field no longer exixts in the source application this, happens when the field is deleted.
--app connection errors--
.App credentials were changed
.User does not have permossions to read/write selected records
.Connected user permissions were changed

 Trigger errors:
.Trigger errors occur when the recipe tries to retrieve trigger events by polling the trigger app, but fails to fetch trigger events successfully
.Cases- When API call times out,Automatically stopped after 60 trigger errors
.aPP CONNection Invalid and the recipe is unable to connect - 401 unauthorized error message.
.Connected user does not have the right permission-403 forbidden msg- Update the connected user's permissions to provide required read/write permission scopes.
.Recipe makes an invalid API call-Schema errors-Carry out a schema refresh for the recipes with schema errors.
.Recipe makes an API Call that times out- timeout error -if an error keeps occurring, check the API uptime status of the app that the recipe keeps failing at, or reach out to your Customer Success Manager.
.Automatically stopped after 60 trigger errors-Recipe will automatically be stopped.-Critical, non-transient error with the trigger configuration or connection that needs to be fixed.
.When trigger filters are logically incorrect or too restrictive-will filter out all events because they do not satisfy the trigger filter condition.
--Jobs--
.When an active recipe processes a trigger event. (i.e. actions in the recipe are executed, it results in a job)

--Recipe Logic Errors--
.1.Incorrect recipe step indentations
 2.Incorrect list management
 3.Infinite looping
 4.Unexpected trigger events(data duplication)
 5.Missing trigger events
--Step Indentation--
 .Indented Steps under IF steps will only be carried out when the condition is mer.
... Job Error is when a trigger event is found and the recipe is being processed, but an error occurs when  completing the job.
...What would happen if a trigger monitors for new and updated objects and on one of its actions it updates the same object?-Infinite looping
.. To resolve an infinite loop, you should -Implement Filters in the Trigger
..

